# Assignments

The assignment list shows you the assignment name (defaults to the LMS activity name), a description generated by the system, the [External Id](/shared/definitions.md#external-id), and the [Seed](/shared/definitions.md#seed) name.

![2]

**Note** Many LMS activities can use the same EdEHR assignment. In the future, each assignment list may contain a list of activities that use this assignment.


## Edit Assignment

This is what a newly activated EdEHR assignment looks like. The description is generated and the name is copied from the LMS activity. The External Id is shown for reference and the assignment is set to use the empty default [seed](/shared/definitions.md#seed) data.
![4]

At a minimum, it recommended that you use the edit button to change the description. Change the assignment name if you expect this assignment will be used again by another LMS activity. 

Normally you will also want to set up more than the default empty content. To do this you need to first create and edit a seed (see below). Then return to this screen and use the Edit button to change the seed. 


## Content development

At the bottom of the assignments page is a checkbox. This is a prototype kludge that enables "content editing". Check this box to become a [course designer](/shared/definitions.md#course-designer). When you do the top of the page now has buttons that enable you to manage the assignments.
![3]


## Create a new assignment

The normal flow is to start in the LMS, create a LTI link, then use the link in a LMS activity, then click on the activity link to launch the EdEHR. The EdEHR will automatically create the new assignment as you see above. But there is another way. You can also create an assignment here in the EdEHR and then tell the LMS course designer to use the External Id in the LTI link.

## Download all assignments

This button downloads a file with all the assignment configuration data. This is just a prototype kludge to provide some means of doing a backup. There is no restore function but a EdEHR developer may be able to import the configuration if needed.

## Manage seed data

This buttons takes you to the seed management page. Go there to create and manage seed data (course case study data). Once you have configured the seeds return to this assignments page and finalize the configuration of the assignment.


[1]: ../images/edehr-dashboard.png "EdEHR dashboard"
[2]: ../images/edehr-assignment-list-pre-config.png "Assignment list before configuring the assignment"
[3]: ../images/edehr-assignment-course-designer-buttons.png "Course designer buttons"
[4]: ../images/edehr-assignment-before-edit.png "Assignment before edit"