# EdEHR setup for course designer

> Course designer configures the activity and assignment in the EdEHR

Prerequisites: a course designer has configured an activity in the LMS that links to the EdEHR. See [lms](/course-designer/cd-lms.md)

## Course activity listing
As a course designer (instructor or LMS administrator) click on the LMS activity created previously.  You will be taken to the EdEHR dashboard.  The Dashboard shows all courses the current user has activated by visiting the EdEHR via the LMS. Each course has a list of Activities. The Activity has a class list.  This shows the student users who have visited the EdEHR.  See [instructor](/instructor/) for more information about the Dashboard. 
![1]

As a course designer notice:

> LMS description: 

Any activity description the LMS course designer added to the activity will appear here.  The description may include line feeds for formating the description and URLs to resources. The EdEHR will automatically convert these URLs into hyperlinks for you to use.  This description is also presented to the student inside the EHR.  

> LMS configuration: assignment=ErinJonesCase1

The LMS configuration shows the [External Id](/shared/definitions.md#external-id) set by the LMS admin into the LTI tool link.  You really only need this if you need to trace this EdEHR assignment back to one of the LTI configured tools. 

**Note**  Many LMS activities can use the same EdEHR assignment. 

As a course designer you need to configure the EdEHR assignment.  There are two ways to get to the Assignments page
1. click the assignment hyperlink in the activity description
2. or in the top navigation bar click the Assignments link

Option 1 takes you directly to the assignment you want. This is handy when there are a lot of assignments.  

## Assignment Listing
![2]

The assignment listing shows you the assignment name (defaults to the LMS activity name), a description generated by the system, the [External Id](/shared/definitions.md#external-id), and the [Seed](/shared/definitions.md#seed) name.

**Note**  Many LMS activities can use the same EdEHR assignment. In the future, each assignment listing may contain a list of activities that use this assignment.


## Edit Assignment

This is what a newly activated EdEHR assignment looks like. The description is generated and the name is copied from the LMS activity. The External Id is shown for reference and the assignment is set to use the empty default [seed](/shared/definitions.md#seed) data.
![4]

At a minimum, it recommended that you use the edit button to change the description.  Change the assignment name if you expect this assignment will be used again by another LMS activity. 

Normally you will also want to set up more than the default empty content. To do this you need to first create and edit a seed (see below). Then return to this screen and use the Edit button to change the seed. 


## Content development

At the bottom of the assignments page is a checkbox.  This is a prototype kludge that enables "content editing". Check this box to become a [course designer](/shared/definitions.md#edehr-course-designer). When you do the top of the page now has buttons that enable you to manage the assignments.
![3]


## Create Assignment

The normal flow is to start in the LMS, create a LTI link, then use the link in a LMS activity, then click on the activity link to launch the EdEHR.  The EdEHR will automatically create the new assignment as you see above.  But there is another way.  You can also create an assignment here in the EdEHR and then tell the LMS course designer to use the External Id in the LTI link.

## Download All

This button downloads a file with all the assignment configuration data.  This is just a prototype kludge to provide some means of doing a backup. There is no restore function but a EdEHR developer may be able to import the configuration if needed.

  

> Work In Progress .. to be continued

[1]: ../images/edehr-dashboard.png "EdEHR dashboard"
[2]: ../images/edehr-assignment-list-pre-config.png "Assignment listing before configuring the assignment"
[3]: ../images/edehr-assignment-course-designer-buttons.png "Course designer buttons"
[4]: ../images/edehr-assignment-before-edit.png "Assignment before edit"